tws cmdlets documentation (#588)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList.md

---
external help file: sharepointonline.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/get-spotenantrestrictedsearchallowedlist
applicable: SharePoint Online
title: Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
schema: 2.0.0
author: praporwal
ms.author: praporwal
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList

## SYNOPSIS

> The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.

Reviewer: >The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=0&length=63)

```
Returns
```

> The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.

Reviewer: >list [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=102&length=4)

see other file about making this "list" more descriptive?

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Restricted SharePoint Search gives an ability to Global and SharePoint Administrators to enable or disable organization wide search. This control, when enabled offers up to 100 sites to be allowed in organization wide search, includes user's previously accessed files and includes content from user's frequent sites. Allow list is a set of curated sites where the administrator has reviewed the permissions and has applied data governance on them. Allow list will support sites, hub sites and communication sites.

Reviewer: >Search [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=22&length=6)

```suggestion
search
```

> Restricted SharePoint Search gives an ability to Global and SharePoint Administrators to enable or disable organization wide search. This control, when enabled offers up to 100 sites to be allowed in organization wide search, includes user's previously accessed files and includes content from user's frequent sites. Allow list is a set of curated sites where the administrator has reviewed the permissions and has applied data governance on them. Allow list will support sites, hub sites and communication sites.

Reviewer: >an [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=35&length=2)

```suggestion
the
```

> Restricted SharePoint Search gives an ability to Global and SharePoint Administrators to enable or disable organization wide search. This control, when enabled offers up to 100 sites to be allowed in organization wide search, includes user's previously accessed files and includes content from user's frequent sites. Allow list is a set of curated sites where the administrator has reviewed the permissions and has applied data governance on them. Allow list will support sites, hub sites and communication sites.

Reviewer: >gives an ability to [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=29&length=19)

```suggestion
allows
```

> The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.  

Reviewer: >The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=0&length=44)

This

Reviewer: @praporwal-microsoft I mean -- just change to "This cmdlet" instead of "This Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet"

> The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.  

Reviewer: >   [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=121&length=2)

remove trailing spaces

> You must be a SharePoint Online or global administrator to run the Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must be a SharePoint or Global Administrator to run this cmdlet.
```

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
```

> This example lets the administrator get the existing allowed list in the tenant.

Reviewer: >the administrator get [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=18&length=21)

```suggestion
gets
```

> This example lets the administrator get the existing allowed list in the tenant.

Reviewer: >list [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=61&length=4)

same

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList](Add-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList.md)

> [Remove-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList](Remove-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList.md)

Reviewer: see 1st file on this

applicable: SharePoint Online
title: Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
schema: 2.0.0
author: praporwal
ms.author: praporwal
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList

## SYNOPSIS

The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
```

## DESCRIPTION

Restricted SharePoint Search gives an ability to Global/Tenant and SharePoint admins to Global/Tenant and SharePoint admins to enable/disable organization wide search. This control, when enabled offers up to 100 sites to be allowed in organization wide search, includes user’s previously accessed files and includes content from user’s frequent sites. Allow list is a set of curated sites where the customer has reviewed the permissions and has applied data governance on them. Allow list will support Site Collections, Hub and Comm sites. 

The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet will return all the sites that are in the allowed list in the tenant.  

> You must be a SharePoint Online or global administrator to run the Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet. 

Reviewer 2: Does this line applies to all the commands?
Could we have this line everywhere? Seems important.

Author: Updated as per documentation shared by PM. Can check if they want to include at other places.

Reviewer: @praporwal-microsoft these are some good PRs to reference -- these were previously reviewed by Vendors.

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell/pull/208/files
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell/pull/254/files

---
external help file: sharepointonline.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/get-spotenantrestrictedsearchallowedlist
applicable: SharePoint Online
title: Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
schema: 2.0.0
author: praporwal
ms.author: praporwal
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList

## SYNOPSIS

> The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet returns all the sites that are in the restricted search allowed list.

Reviewer: >The Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet returns [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=0&length=59)

```suggestion
Returns
```

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList
```

## DESCRIPTION

Restricted SharePoint search allows Global and SharePoint Administrators to enable or disable organization wide search. This control, when enabled offers up to 100 sites to be allowed in organization wide search, includes user's previously accessed files and includes content from user's frequent sites. Allow list is a set of curated sites where the administrator has reviewed the permissions and has applied data governance on them. Allow list will support sites, hub sites and communication sites.

> This Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet returns all the sites that are in the restricted search allowed list.

Reviewer: >This Get-SPOTenantRestrictedSearchAllowedList cmdlet [](http://example.com/codeflow?start=0&length=52)

```suggestion
This cmdlet
```
